well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again
module is internauts during World War
two the Allies would broadcast messages
to the resistance to those in occupied
territory those at rest they'll use it a
shortwave medium wave they use
everything to get it off and they would
constantly change the frequency
sometimes they would use codes
you've probably heard some of those in
movies they'd also play music and send
messages of hope at times and we're
gonna do a little bit of a reenactment
of one of those tonight so before we
begin please listen to these personal
messages John has the long mustache John
has a long left - the chairs against the
wall
the chairs against the wall the tower
bell rings at 3:00 the tower bell rings
at 3:00 now for some music Beethoven's
fifth symphony please pay attention to
the first four notes
now on to some messages of hope it is
unconscionable that the federal
administration is targeting innocent
immigrant families with secret rage that
are designed to inflict as much fear and
pain as possible we want our entire
community to be prepared know Angelino
should ever have to fear being snatched
from their loved ones we are doing
everything we can to provide immigrant
families with info and support ahead of
the announced ice deportation sweeps the
delay
stands with our immigrant communities
please be prepared
we'll always stand with families fleeing
violence and do whatever we can to
prevent the inhumane practice of family
separation threats from this White House
are only a distraction from its flawed
failings won't weaken our resolve proud
that Baltimore is committed to upholding
the American values of respecting the
rights and dignity of every resident
president should understand that not
only are these threats cruel and
antithetical to our American values they
are making our communities less safe in
order these statements were prepared by
the mayors of San Francisco LA Atlanta
Denver Baltimore and DC it should be
noted that LAPD put out a separate
statement saying that they were
certainly not going to cooperate with
Isis rage because well they're not
vichyssoise can you imagine how
reprehensible something has to be for
even LAPD to be like no we're not we're
not getting involved in this
buff's these messages they came off of
our Twitter I guess that's the new Radio
London London s calling like many
criminals before him the president has
issued a threat an ultimatum comply in
two weeks or we go after the families
that's the American Way I guess the one
thing I think everybody should take away
from this is that no it's not the same
as Nazi Germany history doesn't repeat
it rise and this is certainly carrying
the tune
we are in occupied territory the
frontline is everywhere anyway it's just
a fault y'all have a good night